README.md, before:

# Mini Project for IS-601862

**Version 1.0.0** - [Change log](CHANGELOG.md)

## Acceptance criteria
For this mini-project, you need to find at least one partner to make a team of 2-3 people.  In this group, you need to create a single repository and elect one person to merge pull requests as the team leader. You must have at least 10 substantive commits per group member that are marked "feature".  Any fixes to "features" must be marked as fixes and do not count.  Commits for creating files or renaming files or other non-feature work should be named "task".

### Commit message Examples:


    Feature:  Added definition of the term repository.
    Fix: Updated definition of repository
    Task: Uploaded an image screenshot for a repository
    Project Description

    For this project, you need to explain how the usage of Git, Docker, automated testing, and continuous integration can improve the productivity and competitiveness of a company.  Your group also needs to have 2-3 (depending on group size) sections about the following topics: 


## Members
Collaborators of the repository:
- Amanda Outar (amanda)
- Akmal Husanov (ah697@njit.edu)
- Dhruv Patel (dhruv)

## Changelog

    1. 02012020 - mini_project1 github repository was created by akmal
    2. 02012020 - draft of the readme file was created by akmal
    3. 02012020 - dhruv branch was created by dhruv
    4. 02012020 - akmal branch was created by akmal
    5. 02012020 - linux_basics was created by akmal
    6. 02012020 - amanda branch was created by amanda
    7. 02012020 - section3 file is created by amanda
    8. 02022020 - draft of the new file hierarchy by akmal
    9. 02022020 - MIT license file added by akmal



## Contents
This 


## Lincese & copyright
(c) Akmal, Amanda, Dhruv
Licensed under the [MIT Lincese](LICENSE)

Commit message:

new directory names, change log added, tutorial files created

README.md, after:

# Mini Project for IS-601862

**Version 1.0.0** - [Change log](CHANGELOG.md)

## Acceptance criteria
For this mini-project, you need to find at least one partner to make a team of 2-3 people.  In this group, you need to create a single repository and elect one person to merge pull requests as the team leader. You must have at least 10 substantive commits per group member that are marked "feature".  Any fixes to "features" must be marked as fixes and do not count.  Commits for creating files or renaming files or other non-feature work should be named "task".

### Commit message Examples:


    Feature:  Added definition of the term repository.
    Fix: Updated definition of repository
    Task: Uploaded an image screenshot for a repository
    Project Description

    For this project, you need to explain how the usage of Git, Docker, automated testing, and continuous integration can improve the productivity and competitiveness of a company.  Your group also needs to have 2-3 (depending on group size) sections about the following topics:


## Members

Collaborators of the repository:
- Akmal Husanov (ah697@njit.edu)
- Dhruv Patel (dp662@njit.edu)
- Amanda Outar (ako9@njit.edu)

## Contents

* [Linux basics and VI editor tutorials](./tutorial1/linux_basics.md)
* [Git basics and gitFlow tutorials](./tutorial2/git_basics.md)
* [Setting up Git and collaboration with git](./tutorial3/git_collaborations.md)


## Lincese & copyright

Copyright (c) 2020 Akmal, Dhruv, Amanda.

Licensed under the [MIT Lincese](LICENSE)
